1. The top 5 factors that are driving the likelihood of churn at Mobicom are, 
  a) Average monthly minutes of use over the life of the customer (Avgmou)
  b) Number of days (age) of current equipment (Eqpdays)
  c) Mean number of roaming calls (roam_Mean)
  d) Mean overage minutes of use (ovrmou_Mean)
  e) Range of number of minutes of use (mou_Range)

2. Validation of survey findings
  a) Cost and billing - Cost and billing does influence churn at Mobicom. Mean overage minutes of use is one of the important factors driving likelihood of churn (ovrmou_Mean) as per the logistic regression model which leads to excess charges in billing. It can also be noticed that customers on non optimal rate plans (nonop_rateplan) have a higher probability of churn and it is one of the significant variables influencing churn.
     Network and service quality - Network and service quality is an important factor influencing churn behaviour according to the logistic regression model. If the mean number of dropped or blocked data and voice calls (drop_blk_Mean) variable is higher, the probability of churn increases.
  b) Data usage connectivity issues are indirectly turning out to be costly since they are adding up to the mean number of dropped or blocked data and voice calls (drop_blk_Mean) which is causing churn at Mobicom.
 
3. Rate plan migration is a good proactive retention strategy because the customers with non optimal rate plans (nonop_rateplan) have a higher probability of influencing churn rates at mobicom indicating that rate plan migration is a good strategy to move subscribers from non optimal plans to optimal plans which reduces the possibility of churn. it is also noticed that customers with account spending limit (asl_flag_y) have a lower probability of churn.

4. Proactive retention campaigns should prioritise the following customers,
 a) Subscribers from NW_rockymountain and South Florida regions.
 b) Customers on non optimal rate plans
 c) Customers with higher number of unique subscribers in the household
 d) Subscribers from Asian, Hispanic and Arab ethnicity.
 e) Subscribers with a higher number of days (age) of current equipment (Eqpdays)
 
5. From a contact list of the first 20% of the given subscriber pool the following segments are to be targeted for proactive retention campaigns,
 a) Subscribers with a higher number of days (age) of current equipment (Eqpdays)
 b) Subscribers with higher mean monthly revenue (Rev_mean)
 c) Subscribers with a high Average monthly minutes of use over the life of the customer (Avgmou)
 d) Customers whose handset price is less then 60 (Hnd_price_60)
 e) Customers with high Range of number of minutes of use (mou_range)
 f) Customers with higher Mean number of dropped or blocked calls (drop_blk_mean)
